all right this British bar Johnny here
will give you guys a look at what I call
MP 18 single shot shotgun the 12-gauge
modified choke break action it's got a
little lever right here the breakdown
lever
I wish got myself I went down to shorten
laying arms on online picked up one of
these gun adapters plus you guys have
probably seen them on the Dave
Canterbury channel this is the 410 45
long colt I've got a couple of side
saddles on here one's got some 12-gauge
six shot a couple of slugs a buck shot
bunch of 45 long Colts got a couple of
buckshot here but I like to keep just
with me when I'm out in the woods it's a
whole lot of fun to shoot and it's good
for it'll knock down anything up here in
Northwest Montana I wouldn't be afraid
to defend myself with from a grizzly
bear with this thing or shoot a deer and
elk with it close enough range it's just
an ideal truck gun to have when I'm just
out and about tinkering out sorry but
the wind is probably blowing making the
audio bad with anyhow I thought you guys
enjoy this home I'll show a couple clips
of shooting it let's get low gun picked
up 115 bucks it's just it's all steel
receiver it's not a cast receiver like
the H&R partner
persistence is a it's made in Russia but
it's a good little truck